---
layout: page
title: Lued Key Bindings 
permalink: /bindings/
---

Key bindings are defined in <code>lued/lua_src/bindings/lued_bindings.lua</code>.
This is fairly straight-forward, easily understandable Lua code.  You are 
encouraged to modify the bindings to suite your style. You don't need Lua 
knowledge to figure out what to do.

Do not edit this file.  It is auto-generated from the `lued_bindings.lua` file by 
the `PUBLISH_BINDINGS` script.

* TOC
{:toc}

  
## Basic Control Key Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+@</kbd></td><td>Called when resuming from Ctrl+Z (fg at shell prompt). Not directly used by you. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+Q</kbd></td><td>Quit or Exit. Similar to Sublime Ctrl-Q. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+W</kbd></td><td>Close window or tab. Similar to Sublime Ctrl-W. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+E</kbd></td><td>Move to End of Line. Similar to Sublime &lt;End&gt;. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+R</kbd></td><td>Move right defined number (4) of char </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+T</kbd></td><td>Select file tab menu </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+Y</kbd></td><td>Redo (undo undo). Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Y </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+U</kbd></td><td>Spare </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+I</kbd></td><td>Terminal interprets Ctrl+I as `Tab` key </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+O</kbd></td><td>Open File. Similar to Word Ctrl+O </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+P</kbd></td><td>Open File from partial name. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+P </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+A</kbd></td><td>Move to Start of Line. Similar to Sublime &lt;Home&gt;. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+S</kbd></td><td>Save File. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+S. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+D</kbd></td><td>Select Word under cursor. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+D </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+F</kbd></td><td>Find. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+F.  If text is selected the find selected text (Similar to Sublime Ctrl+F3). </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+G</kbd></td><td>Goto Line Number. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+G </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+H</kbd></td><td>Find and Replace. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+H. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+J</kbd></td><td>Do Not Use. Same as Enter Key </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+KK</kbd></td><td>Delete from cursor to end of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KK </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+KH</kbd></td><td>Delete from cursor to start of line. Press Ctrl+&lt;Backspace&gt; instead of 'H'. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+K,Ctrl+Backspace </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+Kesc_backspace</kbd></td><td>Delete from cursor to start of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+K,Ctrl+Backspace </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+KL</kbd></td><td>Transform selection or current char to lowercase. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KL  </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+KU</kbd></td><td>Transform selection or current char to uppercase. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KU </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+L</kbd></td><td>Select entire line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+L </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+Z</kbd></td><td>Undo. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Z </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+X</kbd></td><td>Cut. Similar to Word and Sublime Ctrl+X </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+C</kbd></td><td>Copy. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+C </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+V</kbd></td><td>Paste. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+V </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+B</kbd></td><td>Spare. - let's keep that way for tmux compatibility </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+N</kbd></td><td>Create New File. Similar to Word. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Ctrl+M</kbd></td><td>Do Not Use. </td></tr>
</table>
## File Tab Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+tt</kbd></td><td>Change to next file tab. Similar to Sublime next_view Ctrl+Tab or Command+Shift+]. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+TT</kbd></td><td>Change to previous file tab. Similar to Sublime prev_view Ctrl+Shift+Tab or Command+Shift+[. </td></tr>
</table>
## Select Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+si</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+shift+J.  Select lines with the indentation. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sb</kbd></td><td>Select inside curly brace. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Command+M </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+se</kbd></td><td>Select from cursor to End of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+SE</kbd></td><td>Select from cursor to starting End of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sb</kbd></td><td>Select to Bottom of File Buffer </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+SB</kbd></td><td>Select to Beginning of File Buffer </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sm</kbd></td><td>Select from mark (alt+mm) to cursor. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+K </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ss</kbd></td><td>Turn off/on selection. Similar to Sublime ESC-Key. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sw</kbd></td><td>Select to End of word. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+SW</kbd></td><td>Select to starting End of word. </td></tr>
</table>
## Movement Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+bb</kbd></td><td>Goto bottom of file. Similar to Sublime END </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+BB</kbd></td><td>Goto top of file. Similar to Sublime HOME </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ww</kbd></td><td>Move right one word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+right_arrow. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+WW</kbd></td><td>Move left one word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+left_arrow. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ee</kbd></td><td>Express mode - arrow keys move faster </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+></kbd></td><td>Move right half the distance </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+<</kbd></td><td>Move left half the distance </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+rn</kbd></td><td>replay named keystroke sequence </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+rr</kbd></td><td>replay keystroke sequence again </td></tr>
</table>
## Ctags /  Exuberant Tags
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cb</kbd></td><td>ctag back </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cf</kbd></td><td>ctag forward in stack  </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ct</kbd></td><td>ctag jump. Similar Sublime Ctrl+R </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+CT</kbd></td><td>ctag jump back. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cr</kbd></td><td>ctag read </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cx</kbd></td><td>ctag delete history </td></tr>
</table>
## Delete, Cut, Copy and Paste Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ce</kbd></td><td>Copy current pos to eol </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+CE</kbd></td><td>Copy sol to current pos </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cw</kbd></td><td>Copy word </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DD</kbd></td><td>Duplicate line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Shift+D </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+d</kbd></td><td>Delete N lines </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+da</kbd></td><td>Delete all, entire file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+db</kbd></td><td>Delete to Bottom of Tab/Buffer/Window/File </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DB</kbd></td><td>Delete to Beginning of Tab </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dc</kbd></td><td>Delete N char. alt+dc20 deletes 20 char </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DC</kbd></td><td>Delete N char backwards alt+dc20 deletes backwards 20 char </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+de</kbd></td><td>Delete to end of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KK </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DE</kbd></td><td>Delete to start of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl_K+&lt;Backspace&gt; </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dl</kbd></td><td>Delete line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dn</kbd></td><td>Delete up to  next find occurrence </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dm</kbd></td><td>Delete from mark (alt+mm) to cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ds</kbd></td><td>Delete spaces from cursor to non-whitespace.  If on non-whitespace then go to next line and do it. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DS</kbd></td><td>Delete spaces to the left </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dd</kbd></td><td>Delete word under cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dw</kbd></td><td>Delete to end of word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KW </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DW</kbd></td><td>Delete to start of word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Backspace </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+x</kbd></td><td>Cut multiple lines alt+x42&lt;enter&gt; </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xa</kbd></td><td>Cut all, entire file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xb</kbd></td><td>Cut to Bottom of Tab/Buffer/Window/File </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+XB</kbd></td><td>Cut to Beginning of Tab </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xe</kbd></td><td>Cut to end of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KK </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+XE</kbd></td><td>Cut to start of line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl_K+&lt;Backspace&gt; </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xl</kbd></td><td>Cut line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xm</kbd></td><td>Cut from mark (alt+mm) to cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xn</kbd></td><td>Cut up to next find occurrence </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xs</kbd></td><td>Cut spaces from cursor to non-whitespace.  If on non-whitespace then go to next line and do it. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+XS</kbd></td><td>Cut spaces to the left </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xx</kbd></td><td>Cut word under cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+xw</kbd></td><td>Cut to end of word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KW </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+XW</kbd></td><td>Cut to start of word. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Backspace </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+pl</kbd></td><td>Paste Line after current line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+PL</kbd></td><td>Paste Line before current line </td></tr>
</table>
## Find and Replace Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+df</kbd></td><td>find word under cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+DF</kbd></td><td>find reverse word under cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+fa</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Shift+F. search all open files for match </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+fb</kbd></td><td>find back. return to position before find operation. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ff</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime F3. Find next occurrence of search text. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+FF</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Shift+F3. Find previous occurrence. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+kb</kbd></td><td>show sidebar with list of open files </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+KB</kbd></td><td>hide sidbar with list of open files </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+FR</kbd></td><td>Find previous occurrence. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+fc</kbd></td><td>set find case sensitive </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+FC</kbd></td><td>clear find case sensitive (case insensitive) </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+fw</kbd></td><td>set find whole word </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+FW</kbd></td><td>clear find whole word </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+hh</kbd></td><td>Find and Replace again. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+VV</kbd></td><td>Paste and Find Prev </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+vv</kbd></td><td>Paste and Find Next </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+_minus_</kbd></td><td>Jump back to previous position before Find. Similar to Sublime lued.jump_back. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+_</kbd></td><td>Jump forward to next position in jump stack. Similar to Sublime lued.jump_forward. </td></tr>
</table>
## Line Swap Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sl</kbd></td><td>Swap current line with next line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+DOWN arrow </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+SL</kbd></td><td>Swap current line with prev line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+UP arrow </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+bl</kbd></td><td>line sinks down towards bottom of file. Similar to sublime Ctrl+Shift+Down </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+BL</kbd></td><td>line floats up towards top of file. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Shift+Up </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+br</kbd></td><td>swap current word with next word. Similar to Sublime move_word_right </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+BR</kbd></td><td>swap current word with prev word. Similar to Sublime move_word_left </td></tr>
</table>
## Indent and Align Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ii</kbd></td><td>Indented selected lines one space </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+II</kbd></td><td>Unindent selected lines one space </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ir</kbd></td><td>Reindents selected per defined lued.indent size </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+is</kbd></td><td>Set lued.indent size </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+aa</kbd></td><td>Select All (Entire File). Similar to Sublime Ctrl+A. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+al</kbd></td><td>Align char on next line with current line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+af</kbd></td><td>Align First char on next line with current line. If lines selected then align all lines with first line. </td></tr>
</table>
## Center Cursor Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ce</kbd></td><td>Keep cursor centered </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+CE</kbd></td><td>Turn off keep cursor centered </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+kc</kbd></td><td>Recenters cursor to center, press again and recenters to top. Similar to Sublime's CTRL+KC. vim's zz/zt.  </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+KC</kbd></td><td>Recenters cursor to top, press again and recenters to center. Similar to Sublime's CTRL+KC. vim's zz/zt.  </td></tr>
</table>
## Comment Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cc</kbd></td><td>Comment out line. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+slash. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+CC</kbd></td><td>Uncomment selected lines. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cs</kbd></td><td>Comment set. Change start of comment string. </td></tr>
</table>
## Upper / Lower Case Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+kl</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KL. Convert to Lower Case </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ku</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KU. Convert to Upper Case </td></tr>
</table>
## Mark Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sm</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KA. Select from mark to cursor (set mark with alt_mm) </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+dm</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+KW. Delete from mark to cursor (set mark with alt_mm) </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+m</kbd></td><td>Set Named Marker  </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+M</kbd></td><td>Goto Named Marker </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+mm</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+K+space. Set Mark </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+MM</kbd></td><td>Goto previous mark </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+mn</kbd></td><td>Goto next mark in stack </td></tr>
</table>
## Insert Line Before / After Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ll</kbd></td><td>Goto to end of line and insert new line. similar to vi's o. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Enter </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+LL</kbd></td><td>Goto beginning of line and insert new line. similar to vi's O. Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Shift+Enter </td></tr>
</table>
## Page Up / Down Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+p</kbd></td><td>Move down N lines </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+P</kbd></td><td>Move up N lines </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+pp</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime &lt;PageDn&gt; (or ctrl+u in vintage mode) , move down half page </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+PP</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime &lt;PageUp&gt; (or ctrl+d in vintage mode), move up half page </td></tr>
</table>
## Remove Tabs and Spaces
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ralt</kbd></td><td>Replace all leading tabs with spaces at start of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+rats</kbd></td><td>Remove all trailing spaces at end of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ratsall</kbd></td><td>Remove all trailing spaces in all files </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+z</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl-z. Undo. After alt-z is used, ctrl-z becomes unix suspend command. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+incr</kbd></td><td>Read number at current position, go down a line, and replace number with incremented value. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+INCR</kbd></td><td>Decrement next line's index. </td></tr>
</table>
## Configuration Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.c</kbd></td><td>Toggle Ctrl+C between Cut and Kill Process </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.ind</kbd></td><td>Turn auto-lued.indent on/off </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.edi</kbd></td><td>Change from Lua mode to Edit mode. You almost always want to be in edit mode.  </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.lua</kbd></td><td>Toggle to Lua mode to enter lua commands. Rarely used. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.mlt</kbd></td><td>Set minimum lines to from top of page to cursor </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.mlb</kbd></td><td>Set minimum lines from cursor to bottom of page </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.ps</kbd></td><td>Change number of lines for page up/down command </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.sl</kbd></td><td>Toggle on/off the status line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.slr</kbd></td><td>Toggle status line being shown in reverse video </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.tab</kbd></td><td>Toggle replace tabs with spaces as you type (defaults to replace) </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+.rts</kbd></td><td>Toggle on/off remove trailing spaces as you type (defaults to don't remove) </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+p_squote</kbd></td><td>Put string into lued.paste buffer </td></tr>
</table>
## Misc Commands
<table>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+^</kbd></td><td>Delete from cursor to start of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+$</kbd></td><td>Delete from cursor to end of line </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+//</kbd></td><td>Find forward </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+:w</kbd></td><td>Save File. Similar to Vi :w </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+colors</kbd></td><td>Show colors </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+cd</kbd></td><td>Change directory </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ed</kbd></td><td>Change to EDIT mode. You almost always want to be in EDIT mode. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+help</kbd></td><td>Help. Open lued_bindings.lua </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+jj</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+J. Join lines. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ln</kbd></td><td>show absolute line numbers </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+LN</kbd></td><td>hide absolute line numbers </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+rln</kbd></td><td>show relative line numbers </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+RLN</kbd></td><td>hide relative line numbers </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+ls</kbd></td><td>unix ls command. dos dir command </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+LU</kbd></td><td>Change to LUA mode. You rarely want to be in lua mode. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+noop</kbd></td><td>No Op. Type no if you've pressed esc and can't think of any other command to type </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+nop</kbd></td><td>No Op. Type no if you've pressed esc and can't think of any other command to type </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+note</kbd></td><td>Open user's notes file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+pwd</kbd></td><td>print working directory </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+qq</kbd></td><td>Wrap line at cursor. Subsequent lines end at previous line. Similar to Sublime Alt+q </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+QQ</kbd></td><td>set join wrap </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+reinit</kbd></td><td>Reload lued script </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+review</kbd></td><td>Review mode prevents saving file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+refresh</kbd></td><td>Reload current file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+sa</kbd></td><td>Similar to Sublime Ctrl+Shift+S. File Save as. </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+Sesss</kbd></td><td>Save session file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+Sessl</kbd></td><td>Load session file </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+Seti</kbd></td><td>Set Scope Indent SI2 SI3 SI4 </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+test         = lued.open_filerc_test </td></tr>
<tr><td><kbd>Alt+todo</kbd></td><td>open user's todo file   </td></tr>
</table>
